;;-*-scheme-*-
(
;; twb
"I blame Manitoba."
"I blame Sao Tome."
"I blame algebra."
"I blame astronomers"
"I blame bovines"
"I blame craftwerk."
"I blame crop circles."
"I blame democracy."
"I blame fedora."
"I blame hammond organs"
"I blame herons."
"I blame humanity"
"I blame humanity."
"I blame hyacinths."
"I blame inner monologues"
"I blame llamas"
"I blame marmosets."
"I blame marshmallows."
"I blame marsupials."
"I blame marzipan"
"I blame nectarines"
"I blame oil companies"
"I blame opera."
"I blame pedestrians"
"I blame pixies"
"I blame pok-é-mon, rather."
"I blame presbyterians"
"I blame radio"
"I blame the cetaceans"
"I blame the cheesewrights and vintners"
"I blame the church."
"I blame the government"
"I blame the government."
"I blame the lawyers."
"I blame the mafia."
"I blame the mammals."
"I blame the media."
"I blame the parrots"
"I blame the pope"
"I blame the scandians."
"I blame the walruses"
"I blame the war."
"I blame veracity."
"I blame video games."
"I just worked out the strange marks on my trousers are caused by resting the ends of carrots upon them while I'm thinking"

;; brx
"I feel great inside.  Like the cavity of my body is filled with an avocado and mayonnaise whip"

;; jordanb
"<================= CUT HERE AND DAMAGE YOUR SCREEN =================>"
"Any yuppie who'd pay that much for an mp3 needs taken out back and shot."
"Anyone who puts macros in a program that are run when an ordinary file is opened need taken out back."
"Anyone who's going to replace their desktop with a laptop needs taken out back."
"Cisco needs taken out back for their advertisment."
"Gnome needs taken out back and shot."
"I *don't* think apple should be taken out back and shot, for instance, because that makes no sense."
"I love it how Apple voted Yes without comments for OOXML."
"I love it how Firefox 2."
"I love it how Slashdot completly fails to understand what the GPL requires."
"I love it how amature every foreign language wikipedia is compared to the english on."
"I love it how compilcated and contrived plots are in movies."
"I love it how easy it is to spot the buzzwords in asian text."
"I love it how every foreigner thinks they're an expert on America."
"I love it how every possible facet of sci fi fandom has a fantastically huge page on wikipedia devoted to it."
"I love it how he has his own dialect of english that he insists is correct."
"I love it how if you mount a filesystem with KDE it's not really mounted."
"I love it how it runs apt-get update again if you don't use yum for a half an hour."
"I love it how microsoft and apple held out on multiple workspaces until they could transition between them using ghey animations."
"I love it how msdn is 'mind' in the url."
"I love it how mysql has like three lines of boiler plate to complain about a syntax error."
"I love it how on star trek the woman always falls in love with the bad guy and risks the enterprise as a result."
"I love it how osx uses a different file structure than every othe runix in the universe."
"I love it how that image viewer makes my browser do entirely the wrong thing when I hit \"back."
"I love it how the BSD folks are such champions of the right of proprietory software vendors to take free software and never give back."
"I love it how the Department of Homeland Defence voted \"Yes\" without comments, and the US Department of Defense voted \"No."
"I love it how the NASA TV feed simulates paint drying."
"I love it how they \"expire\" old hardware out of their drivers."
"I love it how they keep the poorly-translated slogan in english on the french language version of the site."
"I love it how whenever anyone links to video now they do so with a flash object and don't bother providing a direct link."
"I love it how you have to wait five minutes for the colors to scroll onto the screen."
"I think anyone who uses an editor that emails you every day needs taken out back and shot."
"I'LL AVERAGE YOU OUT."
"I'LL REFERENCE YOU TO THE ANODE IN A MINUTE!"
"I'LL SUSTAIN YOUR GROWTH IN A MINUTE"
"I'LL TELL YOU WHO'S A RECORDING!"
"I'll <transitive verb> you in a minute."
"I'll CRLF you in a minute."
"I'll RET you."
"I'll URL-encode you."
"I'll add your hook."
"I'll asign a value to you in a minute."
"I'll bang you."
"I'll be management and you be labor."
"I'll bootstrap your hour."
"I'll break you."
"I'll buffer you."
"I'll buffer your lamp."
"I'll burn your ce."
"I'll call YOU back during buisness hours."
"I'll callback your function."
"I'll clean your oslution of epotash."
"I'll come down and have a drink with you there."
"I'll conduct you."
"I'll control your revision."
"I'll credit you."
"I'll customize you."
"I'll define your lambda."
"I'll depend on you."
"I'll divide your days into hours."
"I'll download you."
"I'll dual your band."
"I'll electrocute you."
"I'll embed a font in you in a minute"
"I'll embed you."
"I'll embiggen your font."
"I'll encrypt you."
"I'll escape you."
"I'll factor you."
"I'll fill out your captcha."
"I'll finger your gold."
"I'll frenchify you."
"I'll grep you."
"I'll grow your ."
"I'll hide your fortress."
"I'll indent you."
"I'll install your missing plugin."
"I'll install your sunscreen."
"I'll kick ban you."
"I'll kick you."
"I'll kill you."
"I'll kill your ring."
"I'll kill your whole line."
"I'll let you."
"I'll likn your d."
"I'll lobotomize you."
"I'll make YOU RoHS Compliant in a minute!"
"I'll make you functional!"
"I'll mcrypt you."
"I'll mean you."
"I'll mega your pixel."
"I'll mix your metaphor."
"I'll o your type."
"I'll open your network stream."
"I'll paypal you."
"I'll perplex you."
"I'll post your http."
"I'll prefer your codec."
"I'll pump you."
"I'll qualify you."
"I'll read you."
"I'll require you."
"I'll run netbsd on your vax."
"I'll send you a notice in a minute."
"I'll set your tty"
"I'll spam you."
"I'll stick your caps lock."
"I'll subvert you."
"I'll sugar your syntax."
"I'll tab your loids."
"I'll tag your type."
"I'll take you out of context."
"I'll test YOUR beta in a minute!"
"I'll thread you."
"I'll time you."
"I'll tote your bag in a minute."
"I'll transform you."
"I'll truncate you."
"I'll truncate your buffer."
"I'll underscore your double quotes."
"I'll wrong you."
"LET'S BE IRRATIONAL AND SIMPLISTIC IN OUR MOTIVES SO THAT OUR ENEMIES CAN EASILY AND ACCURATLY CHARACTERIZE US TO THEIR POPULATIONS!!"
"LETS COMMUNICATE VIA TELETYPE"
"LETS GO TO THE SUPERBOWL!"
"LETS GO TO TOWN!"
"LETS RAIN!"
"LETS SEED AN UBUNTU BITTORRENT USING MY DSL LINE!!!!"
"LETS TERMINATE THIS FILE WITH TWO 512 BYTE BLOCKS OF NULL DATA!"
"LEt's have some assorted drugs."
"Let's TP offby1's house."
"Let's accelerate our life."
"Let's add-hook."
"Let's all buy Macs."
"Let's all make openoffice viruses."
"Let's all use a 1970s editor and call it god's gift to programmers."
"Let's all warm the globe."
"Let's all write mouser hate mail for not stocking the electronics that I need."
"Let's animate our cusor."
"Let's argue over if site $foo is a blog, a homepage, or a web diary."
"Let's attack Russia."
"Let's be a pop sensation."
"Let's be automata."
"Let's be five years behind and found a 'zine."
"Let's be haughty."
"Let's be libertarian nutjobs."
"Let's be nerds."
"Let's be nonsensical."
"Let's be pirates by making bitkeeper work with non-bitkeeper software."
"Let's be simplistic in our searches so that stuff gets cut at a newline."
"Let's be the NYPD."
"Let's be uninsured."
"Let's be xenophobes."
"Let's become fishers of men."
"Let's blog about #emacs."
"Let's break down why this article is stupid."
"Let's bring suit in the western district of Texas."
"Let's buffer our output."
"Let's build a space vehicle that runs on solid rocket fuel."
"Let's build an airplane to replace the B-52."
"Let's buy Microsoft."
"Let's buy salt in a salt grinder."
"Let's buy some overpriced tee shirts from thinkgeek."
"Let's buy some shares of JAVA."
"Let's byte-compile."
"Let's clear our private data."
"Let's come up with something we can sell for $300 an ounce."
"Let's control both the horizontal and the vertical."
"Let's control our vertical AND our horizontal."
"Let's creat a vast network of computers so people all across the world can communicate."
"Let's create brand awareness."
"Let's create newcompoundwords onthefly."
"Let's defeat Truman."
"Let's define 'programmer' as 'one who programmed a computer'."
"Let's design a password system that can be guessed one letter at a time."
"Let's die from exhaustive game playing in a korean internet cafe?"
"Let's discuss how x86 sucks."
"Let's discuss the suckitude of Ubuntu and/or Apple OSX."
"Let's divide Poland amongst ourselves."
"Let's dynamically link our package manager."
"Let's evaluate a to 2."
"Let's fail to return a value."
"Let's fight a land war in asia."
"Let's found a meme where we spell experience as \"xperience."
"Let's fuse hydrogen in our cores."
"Let's gamble."
"Let's get Angelina Jolie to call us \"elite."
"Let's get a hybrid SUV."
"Let's get listed on nastaq."
"Let's get obesssed with a computer company."
"Let's go from one boondoggle to the next, all of which jeprodize our ability to do science."
"Let's go phishing."
"Let's go pirating."
"Let's go to China."
"Let's go to DeVry and get an exciting tech career started."
"Let's go to hell."
"Let's go to the center of the earth by turning a rocket upside down."
"Let's go to town."
"Let's great an electronic television."
"Let's hang up and try again."
"Let's hate america."
"Let's hate freedom."
"Let's have a blog."
"Let's have a civil war."
"Let's have a keysigning orgy."
"Let's have a love triangle."
"Let's have a mst3k session on the state of the union tonight."
"Let's have a multimedia blog with like 1000 articles on the front page."
"Let's have a nutsplit."
"Let's have a red scare."
"Let's have a science fiction universe in which every planet has its own climate."
"Let's have a secret lair behind a waterfall."
"Let's have a six month release cycle."
"Let's have a war in space."
"Let's have an international incident."
"Let's have an internet romance."
"Let's have an obsession with asian stuff."
"Let's have an oil war."
"Let's have sects."
"Let's heat HFCS"
"Let's implode spectacularly."
"Let's include \"DIggit\" and \"Redit\" icons on our IRC statements."
"Let's incorporate in Deleware."
"Let's install everything we need to compile."
"Let's join some random irc channel and try to troll them."
"Let's join the EU."
"Let's join the army."
"Let's just all agree that Apple sucks."
"Let's just let us all have artistic license with our sarcastic statments, how about?"
"Let's keep the nuclear option on the table."
"Let's kill a mockignbird."
"Let's kill our liver."
"Let's learn eunichs."
"Let's left recurse."
"Let's let hubble fall out of the sky, much better to keep working on that stupid IIS."
"Let's live in a basement down the stairs on montague street."
"Let's login."
"Let's lose 12 billion dollars per year."
"Let's lose a war."
"Let's make a Jump to Conclusions mat."
"Let's make a \"Jurassic Park\" That has an IRIX-based computer system that can't be soft-booted."
"Let's make a botnet of ubuntu machines."
"Let's make a cat and a dog mate."
"Let's make a device with a LED that blinks to let you know it's on."
"Let's make a document where you have to go to a new page to get every paragraph."
"Let's make a free software project so we can sell out to apple."
"Let's make a law that pi is 3 and an eighth."
"Let's make a literate lisp."
"Let's make a movie following the exploits of a veteran cop two weeks from retirement and his rookie partner."
"Let's make a phone system with in-band dialing."
"Let's make an emacs machine that implements elisp."
"Let's make an irc client with offensive quit messages."
"Let's make another content management system."
"Let's make every sentence its own paragraph."
"Let's make laptops with non-removable batteries."
"Let's make our own terminal emulator, irc client, or wiki engine."
"Let's make the battery explode."
"Let's move this channel to oftc."
"Let's move this channel to second life."
"Let's not even pretend to not be evil."
"Let's patent buying something without first going through a bidding process."
"Let's patent troll."
"Let's pgp sign all of our irc messages."
"Let's pirate a penis in second life."
"Let's plan our apple bankrupcy party."
"Let's play grab-ass."
"Let's pollute the french language."
"Let's put \"creative commons\" tags on all of our posts to IRC."
"Let's put a giant, burning, lower-case t in their yard."
"Let's put everything in a database."
"Let's put on an off-broadway play."
"Let's put the GUI in the kernel."
"Let's pwoer up our computer and leave it running forever to keep the tubs from burning out."
"Let's read BUFSIZ bytes from johnsu01."
"Let's rebuild our system in Java."
"Let's recommend stupid stuff to unicode and see what sticks/"
"Let's reprogram emacs in scheme."
"Let's restate our earnings."
"Let's riot because our sports team won/lost."
"Let's rsync eachother."
"Let's run Emacfs 23."
"Let's run a Level 3 Diagnoistic."
"Let's secretly bomb cambodia while we're at it."
"Let's secure it to the desert surface."
"Let's see him resign his chair to run for office."
"Let's sell Emacs to Apple."
"Let's set up our computers to install whatever software a corporation wants to install, automatically, without telling us."
"Let's shape."
"Let's spend an evil night together."
"Let's start a Web 19100."
"Let's start a revolution based on free love."
"Let's start an internet 2."
"Let's start making a list."
"Let's start wearing diapers so that we can IRC for longer periods of time."
"Let's steal the debian elections."
"Let's sue youtube."
"Let's swap without a temporary."
"Let's switch to bitkeeper."
"Let's take the worst fucking part of a computer and make that the interface to everything."
"Let's talk about fortran."
"Let's talk about how firefox sucks."
"Let's talk about how much we hate mozilla."
"Let's talk about how much rms sucks."
"Let's trade catch phrases from it."
"Let's troll the kernel list."
"Let's try to kill castro."
"Let's try to out nerd eachother."
"Let's try to replace fortran."
"Let's upscale."
"Let's use WIndows ME."
"Let's use bitkeeper."
"Let's vote for OOXML."
"Let's watch our points."
"Let's win hearts and minds."
"Let's work to get you money."
"Let's write a bad check."
"Let's write a parser for emacs font locking."
"Let's write an OOXML document."
"Let's write our own irc clients."
"Let's xult this."
"Let's."
"Lets get 210 million dollars in severance pay."
"Lets."
"Libertarians need taken out back and shot."
"Linksys needs taken out back and shot."
"People who invent their own formatting styles need taken out back."
"People who make calculators with rubbery keys need taken out back and shot."
"People who mix tabs and spaces need taken out back and shot."
"People who name their children 'aspen' and 'sierra' need taken out back and shot."
"People who offer podcasts as RSS files only (should/shouldn't) be taken out back and  shot."
"People who say \"how to\" to ask a question need taken out back."
"People who want to AA bitmap fonts need taken out back."
"Perl needs taken out back and shot for making its own regexes."
"Personally I maintain that Kelly is a boy's name, and parents who name their girls that also need taken out back."
"Should making a linux that doesn't understand what kind of term 'rxvt' is be a taken out back, or some lesser punishment?"
"The fuckhead who came up with these ajax popups that load when you accidently hover over the wrong word needs taken out back and shot."
"The people who made firefox take so long to open need taken out back and shot."
"The people who wrote ipv6 need taken out back and shot."
"The person who chose that font needs taken out back and shot."
"They all should be taken out back and shot for being so obsessed with flash."
"We should change our language to have micro levels of politeness."
"We should dance me to the end of love."
"We should design a 48 bit computer."
"We should do linux and mac ads."
"We should have a GNU Genuine Advantage system that disables your computer whenever a server at the FSF goes down."
"We should have an apple deathpool when jobs goes."
"We should have gameshow."
"We should have on-line law with slashdot posters instead of lawyers."
"We should hire twb to tell RMS off."
"We should make Iraq celebrate the fourth of july."
"We should make a new revision control system that is *perfect."
"We should make an IPv5 that's not insanely stupid."
"We should make an emacs second life."
"We should make canada change its name to America Jr."
"We should make emacs work with METAFONT."
"We should monetize emacs."
"We should port WoW to the difference engine."
"We should pretend to be lesbians to get chicks."
"We should produce a trust graph for this channel."
"We should sell wrist watches with a radioactive dial so it lights up at night."
"We should spread a rumor that the ship had the first load of Apple iPhones and they all drifted to shore in their styrofoam packaging and are now just sitting on the beach."
"We should start a FreeMultics project."
"We should start making a PHP Emacs application and see if we can get Google to buy us."
"We should start securing Linux by death threat."
"We should use MS Comic Chat."
"Whoever invented \"firmware\" needs taken out back."
"Whoever made gtk2 needs taken out back and shot."

;; actually, this one's from consolers
"you know you're an opensource geek when someone cuts you off on the freeway and you're like \"PATCHES WELCOME!!!!\""

;; Woody Allen, I think
"The shellfish, unlike you or I, has his skeleton on the outside."

;; <e1f>?
"Linux is free if your time is worthless."
)
